skip mode modifier (#851)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/glossary.rst

         * :ref:`Runahead Limiting`
         * :term:`active cycle`

   skip mode

>       A task run mode that allows setting tasks to run instantly.

Reviewer: They don't "run instantly" so much as skip running but complete outputs. Not sure how best to put that succinctly. Maybe this?:

```suggestion
      A task run mode that skips execution but completes outputs as if the task had run.
```
